CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

If you have any ideas/updates/things you find useful, please
[fork](https://github.com/Ladies-Storm-Hackathons/Resources), commit your
changes, and open up a PR (you'll need to select "compare across forks").

If you don't know how to use Git but still want to contribute, the Pencil Edit
icon allows you to edit a file and submit a PR all through the web interface.
Alternatively, open up an issue, or send me an email via
[aliceyoung.9@gmail.com](aliceyoung.9@gmail.com). Another option would be to
check out our
[Git Resources](https://github.com/Ladies-Storm-Hackathons/Resources#git).

I will not merge any PR with compiled lists of female engineers (mentor lists,
etc.), because this is a publicly accessible repository and there's no way to
both keep the list open to people who need the list AND out of the hands of Bad
Actors.

## Style Guide

I like keeping lines at 80 characters max. The frequent exception will be lines
that have to contain long URL's.

## Code of Conduct

We use and enforce the
[Contributor Covenant, v1.4](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/). To
report violations, email [aliceyoung.9@gmail.com](aliceyoung.9@gmail.com), the
maintainer.

Commit message:

Added and updated links, removed links of sites that are no longer maintained

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

If you have any ideas/updates/things you find useful, please
[fork](https://github.com/Ladies-Storm-Hackathons/Resources), commit your
changes, and open up a PR (you'll need to select "compare across forks").

If you don't know how to use Git but still want to contribute, the Pencil Edit
icon allows you to edit a file and submit a PR all through the web interface.
Alternatively, open up an issue, or send me an email via
[aliceyoung.9@gmail.com](aliceyoung.9@gmail.com). Another option would be to
check out our [Git Resources](Learning-Resources.md#git).

I will not merge any PR with compiled lists of female engineers (mentor lists,
etc.), because this is a publicly accessible repository and there's no way to
both keep the list open to people who need the list AND out of the hands of Bad
Actors.

## Style Guide

I like keeping lines at 80 characters max. The frequent exception will be lines
that have to contain long URL's.

Note that each bullet-pointed link has two trailing spaces, to induce a line
break in Markdown.

For new files, let's use Train-Case (capitalize each word, separate words with
hyphens). Example: `New-File.md`

Please no tab characters; they sometimes format as Code Blocks. Please use 2
space characters. We have an `~/.editorconfig` to keep our many text editors on
the same page.

Note that links to headings need to include all words in the heading,
separated by dashes. The letters in the words need to be *lowercase*. 
Example, link to the *On Commit Message* heading:  
`[WhaTEveR yOu want the LINK to say!](#on-commit-messages)`.

## On Commit Messages

Please write descriptive commit messages. A message that says "Added
_some topic_ to _some file_" is far more useful to the maintainers and other
contributors than leaving the default "Update Some-File-Name" message.

## Code of Conduct

We use and enforce the
[Contributor Covenant, v1.4](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/). To
report violations, email [aliceyoung.9@gmail.com](aliceyoung.9@gmail.com), the
maintainer.

## License

This repo is licensed under
[CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), meaning it's in the
public domain. By contributing, you are acknowledging this and are releasing
your contributions into the public domain.
