hackathon_glossary.md, before:

# Hackathon Glossary

### A

- API
	- API is an acronym for Application Programming Interface. You can think of
	an API as a contract between you and a computer program. This contract
	guarantees that if you provide some specific information to a computer 
	program, the computer program will do some specific task. At hackathons
	two kinds of APIs are usually discussed: web application APIs and software
	library APIs. 

	- In the case of web application APIs, the user provides some
	information to a web application, and then the web application either 
	changes its state, or it provides the user with some other information. An 
	example of a web API that allows a user to change the state of
	the application is the [Twitter API](https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public). 
	By providing a Twitter username, the text of the tweet, and some other 
	information, users can use the Twitter API to post a tweet. The
	[Sunlight Foundation Capitol Words API](http://sunlightlabs.github.io/Capitol-Words/)
	is a web API that provides information. If a user provides an English phrase
	to the Capitol Words API, it will return to the user the number of times 
	that phrase has been said over time during US congressional sessions.

	- Software [library](#l) APIs specify how to use a software library, and
	how a software library will behave within a computer program. An example of
	a software library API is the 
	[Array API](http://www.ruby-doc.org/core-2.2.0/Array.html) in the Ruby
	programming language.

### D
- Developer Evangelist 
	- Also known as a devangelist, this person is a mentor, a teacher, a programmer, an advocate, a translator. This position straddles the line between engineering and marketing, explaining technology to a variety of audiences, aiming to convince said audiences to use that technology, getting excited about it. 


### F 

- Framework

### H

- HTTP
	- HTTP is an acronym for HyperText Transfer Protocol.

### L

- Library

### P 

- Package

- Protocol

### S

- SDK
        - SDK is an acronym for software development kit, which is a set of dev tools which makes it easier for developers to make apps for a specific platform (ie. iOS, Android, web...), package, framework, and more. SDKs are similar to APIs, but one key difference is that all SDKs include or are APIs, but not all APIs are SDKs.  

### T

- TCP/IP

Commit message:

Added definition of protocol to hackathon_glossary

hackathon_glossary.md, after:

# Hackathon Glossary

### A

- API
	- API is an acronym for Application Programming Interface. You can think of
	an API as a contract between you and a computer program. This contract
	guarantees that if you provide some specific information to a computer 
	program, the computer program will do some specific task. At hackathons
	two kinds of APIs are usually discussed: web application APIs and software
	library APIs. 

	- In the case of web application APIs, the user provides some
	information to a web application, and then the web application either 
	changes its state, or it provides the user with some other information. An 
	example of a web API that allows a user to change the state of
	the application is the [Twitter API](https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public). 
	By providing a Twitter username, the text of the tweet, and some other 
	information, users can use the Twitter API to post a tweet. The
	[Sunlight Foundation Capitol Words API](http://sunlightlabs.github.io/Capitol-Words/)
	is a web API that provides information. If a user provides an English phrase
	to the Capitol Words API, it will return to the user the number of times 
	that phrase has been said over time during US congressional sessions.

	- Software [library](#l) APIs specify how to use a software library, and
	how a software library will behave within a computer program. An example of
	a software library API is the 
	[Array API](http://www.ruby-doc.org/core-2.2.0/Array.html) in the Ruby
	programming language.

### D
- Developer Evangelist 
	- Also known as a devangelist, this person is a mentor, a teacher, a programmer, an advocate, a translator. This position straddles the line between engineering and marketing, explaining technology to a variety of audiences, aiming to convince said audiences to use that technology, getting excited about it. 


### F 

- Framework

### H

- HTTP
	- HTTP is an acronym for HyperText Transfer Protocol.

### L

- Library

### P 

- Package

- Protocol
	- A protocol is a system of rules that explain the correct conduct and procedures to be followed in a given situation. For example, the IP (Internet Protocol) defines a set of rules to send and receive messages at the Internet address level.

### S

- SDK
        - SDK is an acronym for software development kit, which is a set of dev tools which makes it easier for developers to make apps for a specific platform (ie. iOS, Android, web...), package, framework, and more. SDKs are similar to APIs, but one key difference is that all SDKs include or are APIs, but not all APIs are SDKs.  

### T

- TCP/IP
