learning_resources.md, before:

# Learning Resources

### Interactive Programming Tutorials
* [NodeSchool](http://nodeschool.io/)  
  Contains essential skills for working with Node.js
* [LearnRx](http://reactivex.io/learnrx/)  
  Learn functional programming in JavaScript. This
  [video series](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-chaining-the-array-map-and-filter-methods)
  can help you if you're feeling stuck.
* [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.com/)  
  Learn to code and help non-profits! Learn about HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more.
* [Treehouse](https://teamtreehouse.com/)
  Learn Web Design, Coding & much more
  Learn from over 1000 videos created by expert teachers on web design, coding,
  business, and much more. The Treehouse library is continually refreshed with
  the latest on web technology so you'll never fall behind.

### Command Line
* [Learn Enough Command Line to Be Dangerous](https://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial) by Michael Hartl  
  Well-written guide that assumes no previous knowledge, and explains jargon.
  Also contains little exercises to demonstrate the concepts.
  Highly recommend for beginners.
* [The Art of the Command Line by jlevy](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line/blob/master/README.md)  
  A thorough guide with useful tips about command line. Great for beginners, and
  goes through more advanced tricks for those trying to become command-line
  power-users.
* [Bandit Wargame by OverTheWire](http://overthewire.org/wargames/bandit/)  
  Although Bandit is meant to be an intro to security, it's great for diving
  into more advanced command line concepts. Continue to other OverTheWire
  wargames to learn about security.

### Algorithms
* [Visualgo](http://visualgo.net/)  
  Visual learning tool for a bunch of Algorithms and Data Structures.
* [Sorting Algorithm Animations](http://www.sorting-algorithms.com/)  
  Animated demos of Insertion, Selection, Bubble, Shell, Merge, Heap, Quick, and
  Quick3 sorts, with an explanation of how they work.
* [Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures](http://interactivepython.org/runestone/static/pythonds/index.html)  
  For the less visual learners, an online book explaining algorithms and data
  structures (uses Python).
* [A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning](http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/)
  A primer on machine learning for beginners, with helpful visualizations.

##### Complexity, Big-O Notation
* [Lecture Notes - Jonathan Shewchuk](https://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jrs/61b/lec/20)  
  Notes containing simple explanations of Big-O and asymtotic analysis. Warnings
  and misconceptions section towards the bottom is pretty good too.
* [Big O Lecture Notes - Jim Marshall](http://science.slc.edu/~jmarshall/courses/2002/spring/cs50/BigO/)
  Tons of graphs for comparing running times.
* [Big-O Cheat Sheet](http://www.bigocheatsheet.com)
  Super helpful cheat sheet for common data structures.

### Git
* [Try Git](https://try.github.io/)  
  Never tried git? This interactive tutorial is for you!
* [Github Git Cheatsheet](https://services.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)  
  (PDF) Helpful for those who haven't quite memorized the more frequently-used
  git commands.
* [Atlassian's Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)
* [first aid git](http://firstaidgit.io/#/)  
  A searchable collection of the most frequently asked Git questions
* [Git Tips From The Trenches](https://ochronus.com/git-tips-from-the-trenches/)  
  For those who want to elevate their version control game. This is a list of
  neat commands, configs, and neat tricks.
* [A successful Git branching model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)  
  Development model for git branches. Especially helpful for long-term
  projects.
* [Keeping a Github Fork Updated](http://robots.thoughtbot.com/keeping-a-github-fork-updated)  
  For those starting to contribute to Open Source, or those starting their first
  Big Kid Software Engineering Project, where one has to git along with others
  (not sorry for pun).
* [Writing good git commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)  
  Learn how to write git messages that will make sense to a newcomer for your
  project.
* [Oh shit, git!](http://ohshitgit.com/)  
  Plain English explanations and solutions for common sticky Git situations.
* [Git Manual](http://git-scm.com/docs)  
  Precise and nitpicky, but this is basically an official manual, so that's par
  for the course.
* [Introduction to Git Commits](https://pcottle.github.io/learnGitBranching/)   
  Step by Step interactive guide to learning how Github works and using Git commands.

### Python
* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/)  
  An opinionated and thorough guide for getting started in Python.
* [Learn Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)  
  A thorough guide to Python, great for people who have never programmed before.

### Ruby
* [Try Ruby by Code School](http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0)  
  Learn the basics of Ruby in the browser.
* [Learn to Program by Chris Pine](https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/)  
  This online book is a thorough introduction to programming and Ruby.
* [Ruby Monk](https://rubymonk.com)  
  Interactive Ruby tutorials for various levels.
* [Ruby Programming](http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming)  
  Guided resources from various sites for learning ruby and completing your first projects with next steps once you are finished.

### Go
* [Go Training by William Kennedy](https://github.com/gobridge/gotraining)  
  While intended for in-person learning, the course material includes notes,
  examples, exercises, and links to other resources.
* [Resources for New Go Programmers](http://dave.cheney.net/resources-for-new-go-programmers)  
  Can never have too many resource lists.

### JavaScript
* [JS the Right Way](http://jstherightway.org/)  
  A guide intended to introduce new developers to JavaScript.
* [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)  
  Introduction to JavaScript and web development.
* [You Don't Know JavaScript by Kyle Simpson](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
  In-depth free eBook on JavaScript.

##### ES6-Specific
  * [ES6 Cheatsheet by Rico Sta. Cruz](http://ricostacruz.com/cheatsheets/es6.html)
  * [ECMAScript 6 Learning Resources by ericdouglas](https://github.com/ericdouglas/ES6-Learning)  
    Long list of articles, books, guides, talks, and other useful links.

### Node
* [Learn You Node](https://github.com/workshopper/learnyounode)
  An introduction to Node.js through a command line interactive course.

### HTML/CSS
* [Dash by General Assembly](https://dash.generalassemb.ly)  
  Get introduced to HTML and CSS through a series of interactive tutorials.
* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS by Shay Howe](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/)  
  This guide offers a more in-depth introduction to HTML and CSS, including how
  to follow best practices.
* [CSS Diner](http://flukeout.github.io/)  
  A fantastic game that teaches you CSS selectors.
* [Flexbox Froggy](http://flexboxfroggy.com/)  
  A similar game for learning how to align flexboxes using CSS.
* [Magic of CSS by Adam Schwartz](http://adamschwartz.co/magic-of-css/)  
  A CSS course that demystifies some concepts of CSS.

### UI Design, Product Design, and UX
* [Open Web BU's Resource Page](http://openwebbu.org/resources)  
  A bunch of resources for learning, prototyping, and designing. Sections are
  also sorted into Free and Paid, which is a nice bonus.
* [Web Field Manual](http://webfieldmanual.com/)

##### Visual Design: Color
  * [HTML Color Codes by Dixon & Moe](http://htmlcolorcodes.com/)  
    Basic color theory principles, color charts, a list of recognized named HTML Colors, as well as
    tutorials for leveraging color in HTML/CSS/Sass.

### Web Frameworks
##### Django
  * [The Django Book](http://djangobook.com/)
  * [Django Girls Tutorial](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/index.html)
  * [Django documentation](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.10/)

##### Flask
  * [Flask Documentation](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.11/)
  * [The Flask Mega-Tutorial by Miguel](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world)

### Databases/SQL
* [Learn SQL by Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/en/courses/learn-sql/)
* [MISSQL Command](http://missqlcommand.com)  
  A simple game to practice SQL basics.
* [PostgreSQL Exercises](http://pgexercises.com)  
  Learn about more complex SQL queries with a series of exercises.
* [Intro to SQL by Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/sql)  
  Learn how to use SQL to store, query, and manipulate data. They also have an [SQL sandbox](https://www.khanacademy.org/computer-programming/new/sql).  

### Engineering
* [Latency Numbers Every Engineer Should Know](https://quizlet.com/91957128/latency-numbers-every-programmer-should-know-flash-cards/)  
  Flash cards with useful estimates for reasoning about how long operations
  take.

### Functional Programming
* [Haskell Programming from First Principles](http://haskellbook.com)
  As the authors state, Haskell is not a difficult language to use. Haskell is
  difficult to teach effectively. This book makes learning Haskell a joy.

Commit message:

added info about Treehouse not being free unless your public library participates in their program.

learning_resources.md, after:

# Learning Resources

### Interactive Programming Tutorials
* [NodeSchool](http://nodeschool.io/)  
  Contains essential skills for working with Node.js
* [LearnRx](http://reactivex.io/learnrx/)  
  Learn functional programming in JavaScript. This
  [video series](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-chaining-the-array-map-and-filter-methods)
  can help you if you're feeling stuck.
* [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.com/)  
  Learn to code and help non-profits! Learn about HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more.
* [Treehouse](https://teamtreehouse.com/)
  Learn Web Design, Coding & much more. This is not a free resource. If your
  local library participates in the Treehouse program, you can check out a license,
  just as you would physical media. If not, there is a monthly fee.
  Learn from over 1000 videos created by expert teachers on web design, coding,
  business, and much more. The Treehouse library is continually refreshed with
  the latest on web technology so you'll never fall behind.

### Command Line
* [Learn Enough Command Line to Be Dangerous](https://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial) by Michael Hartl  
  Well-written guide that assumes no previous knowledge, and explains jargon.
  Also contains little exercises to demonstrate the concepts.
  Highly recommend for beginners.
* [The Art of the Command Line by jlevy](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line/blob/master/README.md)  
  A thorough guide with useful tips about command line. Great for beginners, and
  goes through more advanced tricks for those trying to become command-line
  power-users.
* [Bandit Wargame by OverTheWire](http://overthewire.org/wargames/bandit/)  
  Although Bandit is meant to be an intro to security, it's great for diving
  into more advanced command line concepts. Continue to other OverTheWire
  wargames to learn about security.

### Algorithms
* [Visualgo](http://visualgo.net/)  
  Visual learning tool for a bunch of Algorithms and Data Structures.
* [Sorting Algorithm Animations](http://www.sorting-algorithms.com/)  
  Animated demos of Insertion, Selection, Bubble, Shell, Merge, Heap, Quick, and
  Quick3 sorts, with an explanation of how they work.
* [Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures](http://interactivepython.org/runestone/static/pythonds/index.html)  
  For the less visual learners, an online book explaining algorithms and data
  structures (uses Python).
* [A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning](http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/)
  A primer on machine learning for beginners, with helpful visualizations.

##### Complexity, Big-O Notation
* [Lecture Notes - Jonathan Shewchuk](https://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jrs/61b/lec/20)  
  Notes containing simple explanations of Big-O and asymtotic analysis. Warnings
  and misconceptions section towards the bottom is pretty good too.
* [Big O Lecture Notes - Jim Marshall](http://science.slc.edu/~jmarshall/courses/2002/spring/cs50/BigO/)
  Tons of graphs for comparing running times.
* [Big-O Cheat Sheet](http://www.bigocheatsheet.com)
  Super helpful cheat sheet for common data structures.

### Git
* [Try Git](https://try.github.io/)  
  Never tried git? This interactive tutorial is for you!
* [Github Git Cheatsheet](https://services.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)  
  (PDF) Helpful for those who haven't quite memorized the more frequently-used
  git commands.
* [Atlassian's Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)
* [first aid git](http://firstaidgit.io/#/)  
  A searchable collection of the most frequently asked Git questions
* [Git Tips From The Trenches](https://ochronus.com/git-tips-from-the-trenches/)  
  For those who want to elevate their version control game. This is a list of
  neat commands, configs, and neat tricks.
* [A successful Git branching model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)  
  Development model for git branches. Especially helpful for long-term
  projects.
* [Keeping a Github Fork Updated](http://robots.thoughtbot.com/keeping-a-github-fork-updated)  
  For those starting to contribute to Open Source, or those starting their first
  Big Kid Software Engineering Project, where one has to git along with others
  (not sorry for pun).
* [Writing good git commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)  
  Learn how to write git messages that will make sense to a newcomer for your
  project.
* [Oh shit, git!](http://ohshitgit.com/)  
  Plain English explanations and solutions for common sticky Git situations.
* [Git Manual](http://git-scm.com/docs)  
  Precise and nitpicky, but this is basically an official manual, so that's par
  for the course.
* [Introduction to Git Commits](https://pcottle.github.io/learnGitBranching/)   
  Step by Step interactive guide to learning how Github works and using Git commands.

### Python
* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/)  
  An opinionated and thorough guide for getting started in Python.
* [Learn Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)  
  A thorough guide to Python, great for people who have never programmed before.

### Ruby
* [Try Ruby by Code School](http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0)  
  Learn the basics of Ruby in the browser.
* [Learn to Program by Chris Pine](https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/)  
  This online book is a thorough introduction to programming and Ruby.
* [Ruby Monk](https://rubymonk.com)  
  Interactive Ruby tutorials for various levels.
* [Ruby Programming](http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming)  
  Guided resources from various sites for learning ruby and completing your first projects with next steps once you are finished.

### Go
* [Go Training by William Kennedy](https://github.com/gobridge/gotraining)  
  While intended for in-person learning, the course material includes notes,
  examples, exercises, and links to other resources.
* [Resources for New Go Programmers](http://dave.cheney.net/resources-for-new-go-programmers)  
  Can never have too many resource lists.

### JavaScript
* [JS the Right Way](http://jstherightway.org/)  
  A guide intended to introduce new developers to JavaScript.
* [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)  
  Introduction to JavaScript and web development.
* [You Don't Know JavaScript by Kyle Simpson](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
  In-depth free eBook on JavaScript.

##### ES6-Specific
  * [ES6 Cheatsheet by Rico Sta. Cruz](http://ricostacruz.com/cheatsheets/es6.html)
  * [ECMAScript 6 Learning Resources by ericdouglas](https://github.com/ericdouglas/ES6-Learning)  
    Long list of articles, books, guides, talks, and other useful links.

### Node
* [Learn You Node](https://github.com/workshopper/learnyounode)
  An introduction to Node.js through a command line interactive course.

### HTML/CSS
* [Dash by General Assembly](https://dash.generalassemb.ly)  
  Get introduced to HTML and CSS through a series of interactive tutorials.
* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS by Shay Howe](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/)  
  This guide offers a more in-depth introduction to HTML and CSS, including how
  to follow best practices.
* [CSS Diner](http://flukeout.github.io/)  
  A fantastic game that teaches you CSS selectors.
* [Flexbox Froggy](http://flexboxfroggy.com/)  
  A similar game for learning how to align flexboxes using CSS.
* [Magic of CSS by Adam Schwartz](http://adamschwartz.co/magic-of-css/)  
  A CSS course that demystifies some concepts of CSS.

### UI Design, Product Design, and UX
* [Open Web BU's Resource Page](http://openwebbu.org/resources)  
  A bunch of resources for learning, prototyping, and designing. Sections are
  also sorted into Free and Paid, which is a nice bonus.
* [Web Field Manual](http://webfieldmanual.com/)

##### Visual Design: Color
  * [HTML Color Codes by Dixon & Moe](http://htmlcolorcodes.com/)  
    Basic color theory principles, color charts, a list of recognized named HTML Colors, as well as
    tutorials for leveraging color in HTML/CSS/Sass.

### Web Frameworks
##### Django
  * [The Django Book](http://djangobook.com/)
  * [Django Girls Tutorial](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/index.html)
  * [Django documentation](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.10/)

##### Flask
  * [Flask Documentation](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.11/)
  * [The Flask Mega-Tutorial by Miguel](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world)

### Databases/SQL
* [Learn SQL by Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/en/courses/learn-sql/)
* [MISSQL Command](http://missqlcommand.com)  
  A simple game to practice SQL basics.
* [PostgreSQL Exercises](http://pgexercises.com)  
  Learn about more complex SQL queries with a series of exercises.
* [Intro to SQL by Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/sql)  
  Learn how to use SQL to store, query, and manipulate data. They also have an [SQL sandbox](https://www.khanacademy.org/computer-programming/new/sql).  

### Engineering
* [Latency Numbers Every Engineer Should Know](https://quizlet.com/91957128/latency-numbers-every-programmer-should-know-flash-cards/)  
  Flash cards with useful estimates for reasoning about how long operations
  take.

### Functional Programming
* [Haskell Programming from First Principles](http://haskellbook.com)
  As the authors state, Haskell is not a difficult language to use. Haskell is
  difficult to teach effectively. This book makes learning Haskell a joy.
