README.md, before:

# Learning Resources

### Interactive Programming Tutorials
* [NodeSchool](http://nodeschool.io/)  
  Contains essential skills for working with Node.js
* [LearnRx](http://reactivex.io/learnrx/)  
  Learn functional programming in JavaScript. This [video series](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-chaining-the-array-map-and-filter-methods) can help you
  if you're feeling stuck.

### Command Line
* [Learn Enough Command Line to Be Dangerous](https://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial) by Michael Hartl  
  Well-written guide that assumes no previous knowledge, and explains jargon.
  Also contains little exercises to demonstrate the concepts.
  Highly recommend for beginners.
* [The Art of the Command Line by jlevy](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line/blob/master/README.md)  
  A thorough guide with useful tips about command line. Great for beginners, and
  goes through more advanced tricks for those trying to become command-line
  power-users.
* [Bandit Wargame by OverTheWire](http://overthewire.org/wargames/bandit/)  
  Although Bandit is meant to be an intro to security, it's great for diving
  into more advanced command line concepts. Continue to other OverTheWire
  wargames to learn about security.

### Algorithms
* [Visualgo](http://visualgo.net/)  
  Visual learning tool for a bunch of Algorithms and Data Structures.
* [Sorting Algorithm Animations](http://www.sorting-algorithms.com/)  
  Animated demos of Insertion, Selection, Bubble, Shell, Merge, Heap, Quick, and
  Quick3 sorts, with an explanation of how they work.
* [Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures](http://interactivepython.org/runestone/static/pythonds/index.html)  
  For the less visual learners, an online book explaining algorithms and data
  structures (uses Python).
* [A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning](http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/)
  A primer on machine learning for beginners, with helpful visualizations.

##### Complexity, Big-O Notation
* [Lecture Notes - Jonathan Shewchuk](https://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jrs/61b/lec/20)  
  Notes containing simple explanations of Big-O and asymtotic analysis. Warnings
  and misconceptions section towards the bottom is pretty good too.
* [Big O Lecture Notes - Jim Marshall](http://science.slc.edu/~jmarshall/courses/2002/spring/cs50/BigO/)
  Tons of graphs for comparing running times.
* [Big-O Cheat Sheet](http://www.bigocheatsheet.com)
  Super helpful cheat sheet for common data structures.

### Git
* [Try Git](https://try.github.io/)  
  Never tried git? This interactive tutorial is for you!
* [Github Git Cheatsheet](https://training.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)  
  (PDF) Helpful for those who haven't quite memorized the more frequently-used
  git commands.
* [Atlassian's Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)
* [first aid git](http://firstaidgit.io/#/)  
  A searchable collection of the most frequently asked Git questions
* [Git Tips From The Trenches](https://ochronus.com/git-tips-from-the-trenches/)  
  For those who want to elevate their version control game. This is a list of
  neat commands, configs, and neat tricks.
* [A succesful Git branching model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
  Development model for git branches. Especially helpful for long-term 
  projects.
* [Keeping a Github Fork Updated](http://robots.thoughtbot.com/keeping-a-github-fork-updated)  
  For those starting to contribute to Open Source, or those starting their first
  Big Kid Software Engineering Project, where one has to git along with others
  (not sorry for pun).
* [Writing good git commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) 
  Learn how to write git messages that will make sense to a newcomer for 
  your project.
* [Git Manual](http://git-scm.com/docs)  
  Precise and nitpicky, but this is basically an official manual, so that's par
  for the course.

### Python
* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/)  
  An opinionated and thorough guide for getting started in Python.
* [Learn Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)  
  A thorough guide to Python, great for people who have never programmed before.

### Ruby
* [Try Ruby by Code School](http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0)  
  Learn the basics of Ruby in the browser.
* [Learn to Program by Chris Pine](https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/)  
  This online book is a thorough introduction to programming and Ruby.
* [Ruby Monk](https://rubymonk.com)  
  Interactive Ruby tutorials for various levels.

### Go
* [Go Training by William Kennedy](https://github.com/gobridge/gotraining)  
  While intended for in-person learning, the course material includes notes,
  examples, exercises, and links to other resources.
* [Resources for New Go Programmers](http://dave.cheney.net/resources-for-new-go-programmers)  
  Can never have too many resource lists.

### JavaScript
* [JS the Right Way](http://jstherightway.org/)  
  A guide intended to introduce new developers to JavaScript.
* [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)  
  Introduction to JavaScript and web development.

### HTML/CSS
* [Dash by General Assembly](https://dash.generalassemb.ly)  
  Get introduced to HTML and CSS through a series of interactive tutorials.
* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS by Shay Howe](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/)  
  This guide offers a more in-depth introduction to HTML and CSS, including how
  to follow best practices.

### UI Design, Product Design, and UX
* [Open Web BU's Resource Page](http://openwebbu.org/resources)  
  A bunch of resources for learning, prototyping, and designing. Sections are
  also sorted into Free and Paid, which is a nice bonus.
* [Web Field Manual](http://webfieldmanual.com/)

### Databases/SQL
* [Learn SQL by Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/en/courses/learn-sql/)
* [MISSQL Command](http://missqlcommand.com)  
  A simple game to practice SQL basics.
* [PostgreSQL Exercises](http://pgexercises.com)  
  Learn about more complex SQL queries with a series of exercises.

### Engineering
* [Latency Numbers Every Engineer Should Know](https://quizlet.com/91957128/latency-numbers-every-programmer-should-know-flash-cards/)  
 Flash cards with useful estimates for reasoning about how long operations take.

### Non-Technical Skills
* [Cassidy Williams' Guide for Getting a Gig](https://github.com/cassidoo/getting-a-gig)  
  Oriented towards college students.
* [How to cold-email a startup into giving you an internship](https://creator.wework.com/knowledge/get-startup-job-internship-cold-email/)

# About This Repo
Style Guidelines: I like keeping lines at 80 characters max. The frequent
exception will be lines that have to contain long URL's.

Commit message:

Added a guideline for contributing, added an interviewing resource for front-enders, and kicked some whitespace around.

README.md, after:

# Learning Resources

### Interactive Programming Tutorials
* [NodeSchool](http://nodeschool.io/)  
  Contains essential skills for working with Node.js
* [LearnRx](http://reactivex.io/learnrx/)  
  Learn functional programming in JavaScript. This
  [video series](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-chaining-the-array-map-and-filter-methods)
  can help you if you're feeling stuck.

### Command Line
* [Learn Enough Command Line to Be Dangerous](https://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial) by Michael Hartl  
  Well-written guide that assumes no previous knowledge, and explains jargon.
  Also contains little exercises to demonstrate the concepts.
  Highly recommend for beginners.
* [The Art of the Command Line by jlevy](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line/blob/master/README.md)  
  A thorough guide with useful tips about command line. Great for beginners, and
  goes through more advanced tricks for those trying to become command-line
  power-users.
* [Bandit Wargame by OverTheWire](http://overthewire.org/wargames/bandit/)  
  Although Bandit is meant to be an intro to security, it's great for diving
  into more advanced command line concepts. Continue to other OverTheWire
  wargames to learn about security.

### Algorithms
* [Visualgo](http://visualgo.net/)  
  Visual learning tool for a bunch of Algorithms and Data Structures.
* [Sorting Algorithm Animations](http://www.sorting-algorithms.com/)  
  Animated demos of Insertion, Selection, Bubble, Shell, Merge, Heap, Quick, and
  Quick3 sorts, with an explanation of how they work.
* [Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures](http://interactivepython.org/runestone/static/pythonds/index.html)  
  For the less visual learners, an online book explaining algorithms and data
  structures (uses Python).
* [A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning](http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/)
  A primer on machine learning for beginners, with helpful visualizations.

##### Complexity, Big-O Notation
* [Lecture Notes - Jonathan Shewchuk](https://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jrs/61b/lec/20)  
  Notes containing simple explanations of Big-O and asymtotic analysis. Warnings
  and misconceptions section towards the bottom is pretty good too.
* [Big O Lecture Notes - Jim Marshall](http://science.slc.edu/~jmarshall/courses/2002/spring/cs50/BigO/)
  Tons of graphs for comparing running times.
* [Big-O Cheat Sheet](http://www.bigocheatsheet.com)
  Super helpful cheat sheet for common data structures.

### Git
* [Try Git](https://try.github.io/)  
  Never tried git? This interactive tutorial is for you!
* [Github Git Cheatsheet](https://training.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)  
  (PDF) Helpful for those who haven't quite memorized the more frequently-used
  git commands.
* [Atlassian's Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)
* [first aid git](http://firstaidgit.io/#/)  
  A searchable collection of the most frequently asked Git questions
* [Git Tips From The Trenches](https://ochronus.com/git-tips-from-the-trenches/)  
  For those who want to elevate their version control game. This is a list of
  neat commands, configs, and neat tricks.
* [A successful Git branching model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)  
  Development model for git branches. Especially helpful for long-term
  projects.
* [Keeping a Github Fork Updated](http://robots.thoughtbot.com/keeping-a-github-fork-updated)  
  For those starting to contribute to Open Source, or those starting their first
  Big Kid Software Engineering Project, where one has to git along with others
  (not sorry for pun).
* [Writing good git commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)  
  Learn how to write git messages that will make sense to a newcomer for your
  project.
* [Git Manual](http://git-scm.com/docs)  
  Precise and nitpicky, but this is basically an official manual, so that's par
  for the course.

### Python
* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/)  
  An opinionated and thorough guide for getting started in Python.
* [Learn Python The Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)  
  A thorough guide to Python, great for people who have never programmed before.

### Ruby
* [Try Ruby by Code School](http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0)  
  Learn the basics of Ruby in the browser.
* [Learn to Program by Chris Pine](https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/)  
  This online book is a thorough introduction to programming and Ruby.
* [Ruby Monk](https://rubymonk.com)  
  Interactive Ruby tutorials for various levels.

### Go
* [Go Training by William Kennedy](https://github.com/gobridge/gotraining)  
  While intended for in-person learning, the course material includes notes,
  examples, exercises, and links to other resources.
* [Resources for New Go Programmers](http://dave.cheney.net/resources-for-new-go-programmers)  
  Can never have too many resource lists.

### JavaScript
* [JS the Right Way](http://jstherightway.org/)  
  A guide intended to introduce new developers to JavaScript.
* [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)  
  Introduction to JavaScript and web development.

### HTML/CSS
* [Dash by General Assembly](https://dash.generalassemb.ly)  
  Get introduced to HTML and CSS through a series of interactive tutorials.
* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS by Shay Howe](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/)  
  This guide offers a more in-depth introduction to HTML and CSS, including how
  to follow best practices.

### UI Design, Product Design, and UX
* [Open Web BU's Resource Page](http://openwebbu.org/resources)  
  A bunch of resources for learning, prototyping, and designing. Sections are
  also sorted into Free and Paid, which is a nice bonus.
* [Web Field Manual](http://webfieldmanual.com/)

### Databases/SQL
* [Learn SQL by Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/en/courses/learn-sql/)
* [MISSQL Command](http://missqlcommand.com)  
  A simple game to practice SQL basics.
* [PostgreSQL Exercises](http://pgexercises.com)  
  Learn about more complex SQL queries with a series of exercises.

### Engineering
* [Latency Numbers Every Engineer Should Know](https://quizlet.com/91957128/latency-numbers-every-programmer-should-know-flash-cards/)  
  Flash cards with useful estimates for reasoning about how long operations
  take.

### Interviewing and Getting a Job
* [Cassidy Williams' Guide for Getting a Gig](https://github.com/cassidoo/getting-a-gig)  
  Oriented towards college students.
* [How to cold-email a startup into giving you an internship](https://creator.wework.com/knowledge/get-startup-job-internship-cold-email/)
* [Front End Developer Interview Questions](http://h5bp.github.io/Front-end-Developer-Interview-Questions/)  
  Tons of them. From HTML5 Boilerplate.

# About This Repo
Style Guidelines: I like keeping lines at 80 characters max. The frequent
exception will be lines that have to contain long URL's.

Note that each bullet pointed link has two trailing spaces, to induce a line
break in Markdown.
