University-Student-Organizations.md, before:

# List of Student Organizations (College/Universities)

This is a list of student organizations that focus on diversity in CS/Tech/STEM
at large.

Please [fork](https://github.com/Ladies-Storm-Hackathons/Resources) and add any
relevant student groups you are either personally involved in, or know to be
active. Or a pull request, or otherwise get the attention of the maintainer,
[aliceyoung9](https://github.com/aliceyoung9).

## USA

###California

#### Stanford University
  * [Girls Teaching Girls to Code](http://www.girlsteachinggirlstocode.org)  
    Girls Teaching Girls to Code is a program where Stanford women teach and
    inspire Bay Area high school girls to explore Computer Science and Engineering.
    Students learn programming basics, build exciting projects, and develop strong
    relationships with mentors in the field.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/girlsteachinggirlstocode)

  * [she++](http://www.sheplusplus.com)  
    she++ works to empower underrepresented groups in technology by dismantling
    negative stereotypes surrounding technical careers.  It aims to dispel the
    misconception that computer science is not a career for women and minorities by
    rebranding what it means to be a technologist.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/ShePlusPlus/)

  * [Stanford Women in Computer Science (WiCS)](http://wics.stanford.edu)  
    Stanford WiCS works to build and strengthen the community of women in CS
    raise awareness of the issues women in the field face, and encourage their
    educational and professional development.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/StanfordWICS)

###Iowa

#### Iowa State University
  * [Digital Women](http://digitalwomen.ece.iastate.edu/)  
    Digital Women is a community of women dedicated to encouraging, supporting
    and retaining women in technical majors.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/digitalwomenisu/)
      * [@DigitalWomenISU](https://twitter.com/DigitalWomenISU)
      * [University Website](https://www.stuorg.iastate.edu/site/dw1)

  * [WiSE - Program for Women in Science and Engineering](http://www.wise.iastate.edu/homepage.html)  
    The Program for Women in Science and Engineering (WiSE) was founded in 1986
    by a group of ISU faculty and staff concerned about the underrepresentation
    and underutilization of women in science and engineering. WiSE staff members
    collaborate with others on programming to increase the participation of
    women in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields.

### Maryland

##### The University of Maryland, College Park
  * [The Association for Women in Computing](https://awc-umcp.squarespace.com/)  
    The Association for Women in Computing is composed of a group of
    students who encourage women to enter and progress in the Computer
    Science field.
      * Email: [awc.umcp@gmail.com](mailto:awc.umcp@gmail.com)
      * [@umdawc](https://twitter.com/umdawc)

  * [Terrapin Hackers](http://www.terrapinhackers.com/)  
    Terrapin Hackers is about building interesting things, combining
    excellence, playfulness, cleverness, and exploration.
      * Email: [team@terrapinhackers.com](mailto:team@terrapinhackers.com)
      * [@TerrapinHackers](https://twitter.com/TerrapinHackers)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/terrapinhackers)

### Massachusetts

##### Boston University
  * [BU WiCS](https://buwics.wordpress.com/)  
    This new organization at Boston University is designed to encourage women in
    computer science studies by providing a supportive community, informing
    members about national computing events, drawing a focus on women in
    technology, offering mentorship via study groups, social activities,
    networking opportunities and professional events.
      * Email: [wics@bu.edu](mailto:wics@bu.edu)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wicsbu/)

##### Amherst College
  * "Hello, Girl!": Amherst Women in CS
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/289500444531712/)

##### Mount Holyoke College
  * MHC Computer Science Society
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/mhcompsci)

##### Northeastern University
  * [nuWiT](http://nuwit.ccs.neu.edu/) (formerly known as CISters)  
    nuWiT is a student group at Northeastern University created with the
    intention of supporting and connecting females who are studying or
    interested in the fields of Computer and Information Science.
      * Email: [nuwit-officers@ccs.neu.edu](mailto:nuwit-officers@ccs.neu.edu)
      * [@nuWomenInTech](https://twitter.com/nuWomenInTech)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/nucisters/)

##### Smith College
  * Smithies in Computer Science
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/SmithiesInCS)
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/SmithiesInCS/)

##### Tufts University
  * WiCS
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/221500931381460)

##### Wellesley College
  * CS Club
      * Email:
        [cs-club-eboard@wellesley.edu](mailto:cs-club-eboard@wellesley.edu)
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/Wellesley-CS-Club-856871510992038/)

### Michigan

##### Michigan State University
 * [MSU Women in Computing (MSUWIC)](http://cse.msu.edu/msuwic/)
   Michigan State University Women in Computing (MSUWIC) is an organization of
   students and faculty (both men and women) who work to recruit, support and
   retain women in computing fields.  MSUWIC is also a chapter of ACM-W.
   * Email: [msuwic@cse.msu.edu](mailto:msuwic@cse.msu.edu)
   * [Mailing List](http://mailman.egr.msu.edu/mailman/listinfo/cse-women)
   * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/MSUWomenInComputing)
   * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/2306289595/)

### New Jersey

##### Rutgers University
  * [WCS](https://email.rutgers.edu/mailman/listinfo/ru_wcs)  
    WCS is open to any students, male or female, at Rutgers interested in
    computer science and supportive of women in this field. As a member of WCS,
    you will be able to network with other computer science undergraduate
    students as well as computer science graduate students and faculty during
    our events throughout the year.
    * [Mailing List](https://email.rutgers.edu/mailman/listinfo/ru_wcs)
    * [Facebook](https://facebook.com/groups/RutgersWCS/)
  * [Douglass-DIMACS Computing Corps](http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/DDCC/)  
    The Douglass-DIMACS Computing Corps focuses on helping women succeed in
    computing while providing them with the opportunity to give back to the
    community and practice leadership. Throughout the year, students will work
    with CS faculty and graduate students to design and carry out fun and
    interactive group activities for middle school girls to excite them about
    computing.

### New York

##### Cornell University
  * [Women in Computing at Cornell (WICC)](http://wicc.acm.org)  
    WICC's goal is to bring together the women in computing at Cornell. We seek
    not only to encourage prospective women and to expand their opportunities,
    but also to provide support to existing women in computing fields. We focus
    on the the three main goals of Outreach, Community Building and Technical
    and Career Development.
      * Email: [wicc@cornell.edu](mailto:wicc@cornell.edu)
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/cornellwomenincomnputing)
      * [Facebook Group for members and supporters](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wiccmembers/)

##### New York University
  * [Tech @ NYU](http://techatnyu.org)  
    We host tech, design, and entrepreneurship events for students
    at NYU and surrounding schools. We welcome students of all
    experience levels.
      * [@TechatNYU](https://twitter.com/TechatNYU)
  * NYU WinC  
    NYU Courant's Women in Computing supports women interested in technology by
    providing an environment to encourage them and activities to inspire them.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wincnyu/)


### North Carolina

##### Duke University  
  * [HackDuke](http://www.hackduke.org)  
    An inclusive hackathon focused on projects promoting social good.
      * Email: [hackers@hackduke.org](mailto:hackers@hackduke.org)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/hackduke)
      * [@hackduke](https://twitter.com/hackduke)
  * [Wiring With Women](https://www.facebook.com/groups/744561652317777/)

##### North Carolina State University  
  * [WiCS](http://www.wicsatncsu.org/)  
    The mission of WICS is to support, promote, and retain women in computer science by providing opportunities for personal and professional development, social interaction, and outreach.
      * [wics.ncsu@gmail.com](mailto:wics.ncsu@gmail.com)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ncsuwics/)
      * [@WiCS_NCSU](https://twitter.com/WiCS_NCSU)
  * [DiamondHacks](http://www.ncsudiamondhacks.com/)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/ncsudiamondhacks/)
      * [@TheDiamondHacks](https://twitter.com/TheDiamondHacks)

### Pennsylvania

##### Bryn Mawr College
  * [Sudo Hoot](http://sudohoot.com/)
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/sudohoot/)
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/SudoHoot/)
      * [Blog](http://blog.sudohoot.com/)
      * [Job Board](http://jobs.sudohoot.com/)

##### University of Pennsylvania
  * [Penn WiCS](http://wics.cis.upenn.edu/)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/wicsatpenn/)

### Rhode Island

##### Brown University
  * [Hack@Brown](http://hackatbrown.org)  
    Hack@Brown is an open, welcoming hackathon with a focus on diversity and
    mentorship. In 2015, 40% of attendees were female, and over 60% were
    first-time hackers.
  * [WiCS](http://cs.brown.edu/people/orgs/wics/)  
    The goal of WiCS is to increase the participation of women in the field of
    Computer Science. WiCS works to this end through its social, mentoring and
    outreach programs.
  * [Artemis Project](http://cs.brown.edu/people/orgs/artemis/2015/index.html)  
    The Artemis Project is a free, five-week summer day camp for rising 9th
    grade girls in the Providence area who are interested in learning about
    science and technology. The program is run by Brown CS undergrads.
  * [Lean In at Brown](https://www.facebook.com/leaninatbrown)  
    Lean In at Brown is a chapter of LeanIn.org, committed to offering women the
    ongoing inspiration and support to help them achieve their goal.
  * [Women in Science and Engineering](http://www.brown.edu/academics/college/support/women-in-science-and-engineering/)  
    WiSE helps create a community of and for women in the sciences at Brown
    University. Led by Brown science faculty, WiSE encourages women to
    concentrate in the sciences and to pursue professions and graduate study in
    science, math, and engineering.

### Texas

##### Texas A&M University
  * [Aggie Women in Computer Science](http://awics.cs.tamu.edu/)  
    We are an organization for all women (students and faculty) in Computer
    Science at Texas A&M University. AWICS is an ACM-W chapter. Our activities
    include socializing, mentoring, and professional development. We have
    regular study breaks and recreational events, administer a peer-mentoring
    program for our members, and maintain an electronic mailing list and a web
    page. We also have various other special events and programs throughout the
    year.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/TAMUawics/)

##### University of Texas at Austin
  * [Women in Computer Science] (http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~wics/)
    Women in Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin is a non-profit organization dedicated to building a
    network community of women in Computer Science.
    WiCS's mission is to encourage and support women in computing through outreach, professional development, academic    
    initiatives, and social events.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/WiCSstudentorg/)
      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/texaswics)

### Washington

##### University of Washington Tacoma
  * [Women in Computing Science](https://students.washington.edu/wics)  
    WiCS seek to challenge biases and myths faced by women and other minorities
    in computing sciences and promote allyship among non-minority members. We
    also want to provide members with the tools they need to be as successful as
    possible in this field, including building computer science skills,
    providing introduction to industry tools and resources, and teaching
    necessary strategies for self-promotion and overcoming obstacles.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/uwtwics/)

## Canada

### Ontario

##### Western University
  * [WiTS](http://wits.csd.uwo.ca/)
    At WiTS, we believe that encouraging women to pursue technological fields of
    study is not only valuable, but necessary. We aim to create a supportive
    community for female students at Western who are studying or interested in
    Computer Science and Software Engineering.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/witswestern/)
      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WiTSWestern)

### Québec

##### McGill University
  * McWiCS
    We strive to cultivate a warm, open-minded community of techies dedicated to
    supporting and encouraging women in computer science.
      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/McGillWiCS)

Commit message:

Updated with Illinois/Northwestern University
Added Women in Computing & BuildHer

University-Student-Organizations.md, after:

# List of Student Organizations (College/Universities)

This is a list of student organizations that focus on diversity in CS/Tech/STEM
at large.

Please [fork](https://github.com/Ladies-Storm-Hackathons/Resources) and add any
relevant student groups you are either personally involved in, or know to be
active. Or a pull request, or otherwise get the attention of the maintainer,
[aliceyoung9](https://github.com/aliceyoung9).

## USA

###California

#### Stanford University
  * [Girls Teaching Girls to Code](http://www.girlsteachinggirlstocode.org)  
    Girls Teaching Girls to Code is a program where Stanford women teach and
    inspire Bay Area high school girls to explore Computer Science and Engineering.
    Students learn programming basics, build exciting projects, and develop strong
    relationships with mentors in the field.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/girlsteachinggirlstocode)

  * [she++](http://www.sheplusplus.com)  
    she++ works to empower underrepresented groups in technology by dismantling
    negative stereotypes surrounding technical careers.  It aims to dispel the
    misconception that computer science is not a career for women and minorities by
    rebranding what it means to be a technologist.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/ShePlusPlus/)

  * [Stanford Women in Computer Science (WiCS)](http://wics.stanford.edu)  
    Stanford WiCS works to build and strengthen the community of women in CS
    raise awareness of the issues women in the field face, and encourage their
    educational and professional development.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/StanfordWICS)

###Illinois
####Northwestern University
  * **[Northwestern Women in Computing (WiC)](http://eecs.northwestern.edu/wic/)**:
    WiC fosters a professional network of and community for women interested in technology.
    Some of our initiatives include a mentorship program, weekly hack nights, and local middle school outreach.
    Follow WiC on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nuwic) and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/NUwic/)!
  * **BuildHer**:
    In April 2017, Women in Computing will host Chicago's first-ever student-run women's hackathon.
    Follow BuildHer on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nu_buildher) to stay updated.

###Iowa

#### Iowa State University
  * [Digital Women](http://digitalwomen.ece.iastate.edu/)  
    Digital Women is a community of women dedicated to encouraging, supporting
    and retaining women in technical majors.
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/digitalwomenisu/)
      * [@DigitalWomenISU](https://twitter.com/DigitalWomenISU)
      * [University Website](https://www.stuorg.iastate.edu/site/dw1)

  * [WiSE - Program for Women in Science and Engineering](http://www.wise.iastate.edu/homepage.html)  
    The Program for Women in Science and Engineering (WiSE) was founded in 1986
    by a group of ISU faculty and staff concerned about the underrepresentation
    and underutilization of women in science and engineering. WiSE staff members
    collaborate with others on programming to increase the participation of
    women in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields.

### Maryland

##### The University of Maryland, College Park
  * [The Association for Women in Computing](https://awc-umcp.squarespace.com/)  
    The Association for Women in Computing is composed of a group of
    students who encourage women to enter and progress in the Computer
    Science field.
      * Email: [awc.umcp@gmail.com](mailto:awc.umcp@gmail.com)
      * [@umdawc](https://twitter.com/umdawc)

  * [Terrapin Hackers](http://www.terrapinhackers.com/)  
    Terrapin Hackers is about building interesting things, combining
    excellence, playfulness, cleverness, and exploration.
      * Email: [team@terrapinhackers.com](mailto:team@terrapinhackers.com)
      * [@TerrapinHackers](https://twitter.com/TerrapinHackers)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/terrapinhackers)

### Massachusetts

##### Boston University
  * [BU WiCS](https://buwics.wordpress.com/)  
    This new organization at Boston University is designed to encourage women in
    computer science studies by providing a supportive community, informing
    members about national computing events, drawing a focus on women in
    technology, offering mentorship via study groups, social activities,
    networking opportunities and professional events.
      * Email: [wics@bu.edu](mailto:wics@bu.edu)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wicsbu/)

##### Amherst College
  * "Hello, Girl!": Amherst Women in CS
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/289500444531712/)

##### Mount Holyoke College
  * MHC Computer Science Society
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/mhcompsci)

##### Northeastern University
  * [nuWiT](http://nuwit.ccs.neu.edu/) (formerly known as CISters)  
    nuWiT is a student group at Northeastern University created with the
    intention of supporting and connecting females who are studying or
    interested in the fields of Computer and Information Science.
      * Email: [nuwit-officers@ccs.neu.edu](mailto:nuwit-officers@ccs.neu.edu)
      * [@nuWomenInTech](https://twitter.com/nuWomenInTech)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/nucisters/)

##### Smith College
  * Smithies in Computer Science
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/SmithiesInCS)
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/SmithiesInCS/)

##### Tufts University
  * WiCS
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/221500931381460)

##### Wellesley College
  * CS Club
      * Email:
        [cs-club-eboard@wellesley.edu](mailto:cs-club-eboard@wellesley.edu)
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/Wellesley-CS-Club-856871510992038/)

### Michigan

##### Michigan State University
 * [MSU Women in Computing (MSUWIC)](http://cse.msu.edu/msuwic/)
   Michigan State University Women in Computing (MSUWIC) is an organization of
   students and faculty (both men and women) who work to recruit, support and
   retain women in computing fields.  MSUWIC is also a chapter of ACM-W.
   * Email: [msuwic@cse.msu.edu](mailto:msuwic@cse.msu.edu)
   * [Mailing List](http://mailman.egr.msu.edu/mailman/listinfo/cse-women)
   * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/MSUWomenInComputing)
   * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/2306289595/)

### New Jersey

##### Rutgers University
  * [WCS](https://email.rutgers.edu/mailman/listinfo/ru_wcs)  
    WCS is open to any students, male or female, at Rutgers interested in
    computer science and supportive of women in this field. As a member of WCS,
    you will be able to network with other computer science undergraduate
    students as well as computer science graduate students and faculty during
    our events throughout the year.
    * [Mailing List](https://email.rutgers.edu/mailman/listinfo/ru_wcs)
    * [Facebook](https://facebook.com/groups/RutgersWCS/)
  * [Douglass-DIMACS Computing Corps](http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/DDCC/)  
    The Douglass-DIMACS Computing Corps focuses on helping women succeed in
    computing while providing them with the opportunity to give back to the
    community and practice leadership. Throughout the year, students will work
    with CS faculty and graduate students to design and carry out fun and
    interactive group activities for middle school girls to excite them about
    computing.

### New York

##### Cornell University
  * [Women in Computing at Cornell (WICC)](http://wicc.acm.org)  
    WICC's goal is to bring together the women in computing at Cornell. We seek
    not only to encourage prospective women and to expand their opportunities,
    but also to provide support to existing women in computing fields. We focus
    on the the three main goals of Outreach, Community Building and Technical
    and Career Development.
      * Email: [wicc@cornell.edu](mailto:wicc@cornell.edu)
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/cornellwomenincomnputing)
      * [Facebook Group for members and supporters](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wiccmembers/)

##### New York University
  * [Tech @ NYU](http://techatnyu.org)  
    We host tech, design, and entrepreneurship events for students
    at NYU and surrounding schools. We welcome students of all
    experience levels.
      * [@TechatNYU](https://twitter.com/TechatNYU)
  * NYU WinC  
    NYU Courant's Women in Computing supports women interested in technology by
    providing an environment to encourage them and activities to inspire them.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wincnyu/)


### North Carolina

##### Duke University  
  * [HackDuke](http://www.hackduke.org)  
    An inclusive hackathon focused on projects promoting social good.
      * Email: [hackers@hackduke.org](mailto:hackers@hackduke.org)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/hackduke)
      * [@hackduke](https://twitter.com/hackduke)
  * [Wiring With Women](https://www.facebook.com/groups/744561652317777/)

##### North Carolina State University  
  * [WiCS](http://www.wicsatncsu.org/)  
    The mission of WICS is to support, promote, and retain women in computer science by providing opportunities for personal and professional development, social interaction, and outreach.
      * [wics.ncsu@gmail.com](mailto:wics.ncsu@gmail.com)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ncsuwics/)
      * [@WiCS_NCSU](https://twitter.com/WiCS_NCSU)
  * [DiamondHacks](http://www.ncsudiamondhacks.com/)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/ncsudiamondhacks/)
      * [@TheDiamondHacks](https://twitter.com/TheDiamondHacks)

### Pennsylvania

##### Bryn Mawr College
  * [Sudo Hoot](http://sudohoot.com/)
      * [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/sudohoot/)
      * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/SudoHoot/)
      * [Blog](http://blog.sudohoot.com/)
      * [Job Board](http://jobs.sudohoot.com/)

##### University of Pennsylvania
  * [Penn WiCS](http://wics.cis.upenn.edu/)
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/wicsatpenn/)

### Rhode Island

##### Brown University
  * [Hack@Brown](http://hackatbrown.org)  
    Hack@Brown is an open, welcoming hackathon with a focus on diversity and
    mentorship. In 2015, 40% of attendees were female, and over 60% were
    first-time hackers.
  * [WiCS](http://cs.brown.edu/people/orgs/wics/)  
    The goal of WiCS is to increase the participation of women in the field of
    Computer Science. WiCS works to this end through its social, mentoring and
    outreach programs.
  * [Artemis Project](http://cs.brown.edu/people/orgs/artemis/2015/index.html)  
    The Artemis Project is a free, five-week summer day camp for rising 9th
    grade girls in the Providence area who are interested in learning about
    science and technology. The program is run by Brown CS undergrads.
  * [Lean In at Brown](https://www.facebook.com/leaninatbrown)  
    Lean In at Brown is a chapter of LeanIn.org, committed to offering women the
    ongoing inspiration and support to help them achieve their goal.
  * [Women in Science and Engineering](http://www.brown.edu/academics/college/support/women-in-science-and-engineering/)  
    WiSE helps create a community of and for women in the sciences at Brown
    University. Led by Brown science faculty, WiSE encourages women to
    concentrate in the sciences and to pursue professions and graduate study in
    science, math, and engineering.

### Texas

##### Texas A&M University
  * [Aggie Women in Computer Science](http://awics.cs.tamu.edu/)  
    We are an organization for all women (students and faculty) in Computer
    Science at Texas A&M University. AWICS is an ACM-W chapter. Our activities
    include socializing, mentoring, and professional development. We have
    regular study breaks and recreational events, administer a peer-mentoring
    program for our members, and maintain an electronic mailing list and a web
    page. We also have various other special events and programs throughout the
    year.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/TAMUawics/)

##### University of Texas at Austin
  * [Women in Computer Science] (http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~wics/)
    Women in Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin is a non-profit organization dedicated to building a
    network community of women in Computer Science.
    WiCS's mission is to encourage and support women in computing through outreach, professional development, academic    
    initiatives, and social events.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/WiCSstudentorg/)
      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/texaswics)

### Washington

##### University of Washington Tacoma
  * [Women in Computing Science](https://students.washington.edu/wics)  
    WiCS seek to challenge biases and myths faced by women and other minorities
    in computing sciences and promote allyship among non-minority members. We
    also want to provide members with the tools they need to be as successful as
    possible in this field, including building computer science skills,
    providing introduction to industry tools and resources, and teaching
    necessary strategies for self-promotion and overcoming obstacles.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/uwtwics/)

## Canada

### Ontario

##### Western University
  * [WiTS](http://wits.csd.uwo.ca/)
    At WiTS, we believe that encouraging women to pursue technological fields of
    study is not only valuable, but necessary. We aim to create a supportive
    community for female students at Western who are studying or interested in
    Computer Science and Software Engineering.
      * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/witswestern/)
      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WiTSWestern)

### Québec

##### McGill University
  * McWiCS
    We strive to cultivate a warm, open-minded community of techies dedicated to
    supporting and encouraging women in computer science.
      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/McGillWiCS)
